good to have you here a good day and why
are you coming out and why are you
coming out in this manner so interesting
that the story dropped yesterday with
mr. wolf I had no idea that he was doing
that I feel as though my personal
journey is at a point where I can help
others I'm kind of over it I mean I've I
mean everyone who is close to me knows
everyone who matters to me knows I'm set
a point where someone else can learn
from my experience freshman year there
you are in your dorm room with Mike
Nardi and they have writes about this
online you guys would bonded you've
traded a lot of information about each
other yeah
and you turn to when you just you check
hey by the way I'm gay no I mean it
seems like it was that simple but it
wasn't I mean we share the same computer
college kids didn't want it to be any
surprises and like dude just so you know
I like dudes I that seems simple as well
but I mean we had known each other for
you know a little while worked out we
you know we hung out we played against
each other competitively in a you sports
kind of got a take on his family and
where it's from and I just made a
personal judgment and just thought you
know here goes I mean I'm gonna be
living in the close quarters with this
gentleman I mean close quarters with him
and just running in the notes I could be
more comfortable within a team
environment now you tell your roommate
first how was it dealt with and how did
guys deal with that information and how
did you have a sense that they knew even
if they didn't say that they knew well
in a team environment I think my my
personal goal was always to be the best
player so they would give you the best
team I think coach Wright laid it out
like basically we're here to win games
we're here to be the best players we can
be and develop our team so we can
perform at the highest level to be
honest with you it wasn't it was maybe
0.1% of our conversation to start we
wanted to get in there play hard when
games and be the best players we could
be to be honest with you me and Rd were
more concerned about you know being
competitive in the Big East
we wanted to be impact players right
away so we weren't really talking about
it that much
as far as what fans would yell and
whether they knew anything or suspecting
anything I say yeah I mean I you know
there are a lot of hurtful things that
especially in the small gyms of
Philadelphia they can be yelled at
players yeah I mean the fans are
creative I think what fans are or fans
I mean I've I don't know if you know but
what you do know of course Hilton
Armstrong from Yukon base to say
Sheridan versus the held in like hotels
but as far as me specifically in uh in
Philadelphia you know it was crazy I
mean it was out of her all honest yeah
I've heard everything I mean everything
we went to Florida to play against
Massimino team down there and it was
crazy one of our strength and
conditioning coaches went down there and
I guess the guys did some research and
by the time it was just like it was nuts
it was out of control but I mean I don't
I really wasn't focused on that too much
I'm trying to win games you know you
only have so much time to get the ball
in the basket
play defense good stops and build that
momentum to win games you're not really
concerned about what the crowd is saying
especially we were successful so when
you've successful all you can say is you
know to to haters is hi I'm winning and
you're not huh yeah but at one point
we'll you had to break the news to your
parents right and according to Dana's
account your mom was reconciled with it
a lot more quickly than your father I
think at first because I came out to my
father first I remember that night
vividly it wasn't like a huge dramatic
ordeal my dad is like a just a regular
dude he was like really okay does your
mother know I'm like no so then the next
day he tells my mom my mom was upset you
know she wants grandchildren she wants
to have a daughter-in-law be at the
wedding white dress black tux all that
for my parents I think they just had to
kind of grow my mom I'm her only child
so you know and she's one of my best
friends so she's gonna love me
unconditionally she as my father would
say she would you know spend her last
dollar on me bet her last dollar on me
my father um you know he grew up as he
would describe old school I'm from from
Delaware you know we didn't I didn't see
a lot of gay openly gay people or that
not a lot of positive gay people
there and you know over time he's he had
to develop you know to just have
unconditional love for me regardless of
what he was projecting onto me I mean I
was class president captain basketball
team Player of the Year things that you
know your stereotypical boy or guy does
you know you're institutionalized to
think dudes do certain things so this
one's been tough for him